In its new tourism
campaign, Detroit
proudly proclaims
that it has finally
eliminated _____.

_____ is a slippery
slope that leads to
_____.

What does Dick
Cheney prefer?

In L.A. County Jail,
word is you can
trade 200 cigarettes
for _____.

_____: Good to the
last drop.

What don't you want
to find in your
Chinese food?

In M. Night
Shyamalan's new
movie, Bruce Willis
discovers that
_____ had really
been _____ all
along.

_____: Kid-tested,
mother-approved.

What ended my last
relationship?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

In Michael
Jackson's final
moments, he
thought about
_____.

_____? There's an
app for that.

What gets better
with age?

In Rome, there are
whisperings that the
Vatican has a secret
room devoted to
_____.

_____. Betcha can't
have just one!

What gives me
uncontrollable gas?

In the distant future,
historians will agree
that _____ marked
the beginning of
America's decline.

_____. High five,
bro.

What has been
making life difficult
at the nudist
colony?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

In the new Disney
Channel Original
Movie, Hannah
Montana struggles
with _____ for the
first time.

_____. It's a trap!

What helps Obama
unwind?

Instead of coal,
Santa now gives the
bad children _____.

_____. That's how I
want to die.

What is Batman's
guilty pleasure?

It's a pity that kids
these days are all
getting involved
with _____.

A romantic, candlelit
dinner would be
incomplete without
_____.

What never fails to
liven up the party?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

It's a trap!

After Hurricane
Katrina, Sean Penn
brought _____ to
the people of New
Orleans.

What will always get
you laid?

Life for American
Indians was forever
changed when the
White Man
introduced them to
_____.

After the
earthquake, Sean
Penn brought _____
to the people of
Haiti.

What will I bring
back in time to
convince people
that I am a powerful
wizard?

Life was difficult for
cavemen before
_____.

Alternative medicine
is now embracing
the curative powers
of _____.

What would
grandma find
disturbing, yet
oddly charming?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

Lifetime presents
_____, the story of
_____.

And I would have
gotten away with it,
too, if it hadn't been
for _____.

What's a girl's best
friend?

Major League
Baseball has
banned _____ for
giving players an
unfair advantage.

And the Academy
Award for _____
goes to _____.

What's my antidrug?

Maybe she's born
with it. Maybe it's
_____.

Anthropologists
have recently
discovered a
primitive tribe that
worships _____.

What's my secret
power?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

MTV's new reality
show features eight
washed-up
celebrities living
with _____.

Betcha can't have
just one!

What's Teach for
America using to
inspire inner city
students to
succeed?

Next from J.K.
Rowling: Harry
Potter and the
Chamber of _____.

BILLY MAYS HERE
FOR _____!

What's that smell?

Next on ESPN2: The
World Series of
_____.

But before I kill you,
Mr. Bond, I must
show you _____.

What's that sound?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

Rumor has it that
Vladimir Putin's
favorite dish is
_____ stuffed with
_____.

Coming to
Broadway this
season, _____: The
Musical.

What's the
crustiest?

Science will never
explain the origin of
_____.

Dear Abby, I'm
having some trouble
with _____ and
would like your
advice.

What's the gift that
keeps on giving?

Sorry everyone, I
just _____.

Due to a PR fiasco,
Walmart no longer
offers _____.

What's the most
emo?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

Studies show that
lab rats navigate
mazes 50% faster
after being exposed
to _____.

During Picasso's
often-overlooked
Brown Period, he
produced hundreds
of paintings of
_____.

What's the new fad
diet?

That's right, I killed
_____. How, you
ask? _____.

During sex, I like to
think about _____.

What's the next
Happy Meal toy?

The CIA now
interrogates enemy
agents by
repeatedly
subjecting them to
_____.

For my next trick, I
will pull _____ out of
_____.

What's the next
superhero/sidekick
duo?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

The class field trip
was completely
ruined by _____.

He who controls
_____ controls the
world.

What's there a ton
of in heaven?

The socialist
governments of
Scandinavia have
declared that
access to _____ is a
basic human right.

How am I
maintaining my
relationship status?

When all else fails, I
can always
masturbate to
_____.

The U.S. has begun
airdropping _____
to the children of
Afghanistan.

I do not know with
what weapons
World War III will be
fought, but World
War IV will be fought
with _____.

When I am a
billionaire, I shall
erect a 50-foot
statue to
commemorate
_____.

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

This is the way the
world ends \ This is
the way the world
ends \ Not with a
bang but with
_____.

I drink to forget
_____.

When I am
President of the
United States, I will
create the
Department of
_____.

This season on Man
vs. Wild, Bear Grylls
must survive in the
depths of the
Amazon with only
_____ and his wits.

I got 99 problems
but _____ ain't one.

When I pooped,
what came out of
my butt?

TSA guidelines now
prohibit _____ on
airplanes.

I learned the hard
way that you can't
cheer up a grieving
friend with _____.

When I was tripping
on acid, _____
turned into _____.

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

War! What is it good
for?

I never truly
understood _____
until I encountered
_____.

When I'm in prison,
I'll have _____
smuggled in.

What am I giving up
for Lent?

I wish I hadn't lost
the instruction
manual for _____.

When Pharaoh
remained unmoved,
Moses called down
a Plague of _____.

What are my
parents hiding from
me?

I'm sorry, Professor,
but I couldn't
complete my
homework because
of _____.

While the United
States raced the
Soviet Union to the
moon, the Mexican
government
funneled millions of
pesos into research
on _____.

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

What brought the
orgy to a grinding
halt?

In 1,000 years, when
paper money is but
a distant memory,
_____ will be our
currency.

White people like
_____.

What did I bring
back from Mexico?

In a world ravaged
by _____, our only
solace is _____.

Who stole the
cookies from the
cookie jar?

What did the US
airdrop to the
children of
Afghanistan?

In an attempt to
reach a wider
audience, the
Smithsonian
Museum of Natural
History has opened
an interactive
exhibit on _____.

Why am I sticky?

Cards Against Humanity is a trademark of Cards Against Humanity, LLC. Cards Against Humanity is distributed under a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license.

What did Vin Diesel
eat for dinner?

In his new selfproduced album,
Kanye West raps
over the sounds of
_____.

Why can't I sleep at
night?

What do old people
smell like?

In his new summer
comedy, Rob
Schneider is _____
trapped in the body
of _____.

Why do I hurt all
over?
